good to see you I can't follow Garth
Brooks but I'll do it I can't stop are
you doing you have been in LA for how
long now about aman ya four weeks I got
six more shows left over at the Ahmanson
and it's been my best Los Angeles sure I
always have I've always been had a weird
relationship with like Hollywood and
I've never felt comfortable but then
recently my wife and I started going
when we're here to the beach
and so that's been nice and we spent
some time with you and your face hits
and the beach this this winter and I
don't know if even you realize this you
got Jimmy got me hooked people know that
he's obsessed with family a lot your
family members work on the show and but
you're also obsessed with my family and
I'm like everyone's family you gonna be
hooked on ancestry.com in this way that
is really unnerving we're we're on the
beach in your life what's your dad's
middle name and then you're like check
this out you created an ancestry.com
profile for me yes real time not mad
retail I went home that night and I was
up til 5:00 in the morning you get
completely addicted you're like there's
a clue yeah there's a leaf and then and
then my wife got addicted and then
they're like who's cousin Claire says
she's on the 1920 census but nobody's
heard of her who is cousin Claire I
figured out she's on the census but then
no one knows who she is and nobody to
rates this thing that I got totally
addicted to and then and then I and then
Jen and I after about four days of being
completely glued to this we went cold
turkey and
my brother a few weeks ago who runs my
company and he calls me because uh hey
you got like a really big bill from
ancestry.com are you still doing that
what are they charging you buddy
Wow hey Otto renewed the thing and so
yeah I had to cut myself off but you
like you're in the family I mean also
I'm OCD so it's really a nice little
combination of things I just wanted to
know like what was going on in your
family and it wound up there and it's
very possible that we're related because
we're both Brooklyn Italian Italian yes
yeah oh yeah but I feel like we know by
now we probably know I do have a cousin
Claire do you know her how many times
would by the way your show is fantastic
it's so bad I went and saw how many
times have you performed it now like um
like almost 500 times and then probably
in some form like about a thousand times
yeah yeah you probably have a lot of big
stars come to your show but I mean this
is this is pretty big Brad Pitt came to
you that's a facial expression I have
called playing it cool you know that's
my wife yeah seems to be tucking herself
right in there to brown her face is so
close to his chest he was so sweet he
came to the office and he came backstage
and we're talking and then they go Mike
you have to go out and sign Jenna and I
wrote a book together comes out Mother's
Day and so people who pre-order I sign a
poster in the lobby and go Mike you
gotta go ahead and sign the posters and
I go I go nice to meet you Brad I go out
and I'm signing for 15 minutes and then
I said the stage manager hey can you
grab Jen cuz she's supposed to sign too
and in the procedure and she goes back
and she's still talking to Brad
and says excuse me Mike wants to see you
and then she comes out and I never
thought in my whole life I'd hear the
words from my wife she said you ruined
my conversation with Brad Pitt I'm just
trying to save my marriage here you know
Hollywood next thing you know you got
Brad Pitt hitting on your wife and it's
like it's like we're what about the
regular people yeah I know what are you
gonna do it's been really a brad pitt
wants your wife you just have to give
them tor I think that's a you got a nice
review in the LA Times here and except
for one weird part but oh yeah I want to
read that that little oh yeah yeah if
the new one is ever adapted into a movie
Paul Rudd must star Oh must you show up
in this town and you perform you get out
you go hey I'm an actor I got a show I
made a movie off one of these shows and
they go you know what this would be good
if it had Johnny Depp is Paul interested
in the project I got my Instagram that
the the quote from their Los Angeles
Times and the review is very sweet and
Charles McNulty is a great critic who
who's writing I like but I instagrammed
the thing and then the next morning Paul
wrote emailed me and he said do I have
to audition of course that man so Sunday
final show yeah at the Ahmanson Theatre
who are the are they're like it's our
other big celebrities planning to show
up for this show what's going on there
well what are the audiences here know
they like the the it's funny about this
last time I was here I played the
Wilshire ebo which is a great theater
but this is like a sort of a prestigious
like Broadway series you get tickets to
this you it's because you also got
tickets to dear Evan Hanson or Book of
Mormon or whether you're part of the
Broadway series right you get a package
what are the people they don't know
they're coming to see me oh really like
whatever you know older people most of
them are great and then some of them are
asleep and that's demoralizing and then
someone's just like dreaming dreaming of
being at Sandals resort and then you
have to keep going you can't you know
you can't sit and then I walk out to
sign stuff in the lobby afterwards and
then something you'll have two people
there subscribers so they don't even
know who I am I'm just in a different
shirt they don't even know I'm walking
with them I'm hearing them talk about me
they're like I liked it the guy in front
of me was snoring so that's like a thing
well unless you're if you're under 80
years old you will have a great time at
the new on Mike Birbiglia it's gonna be
on Netflix
[Applause]
[Music]
grunts hi I'm Judy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos